Room 1: 

Room one is just a dark room with a florencent light. Concerete flooring, Concerete walls, almost like a bunker I guess
Setpiece is an unlocked chest. opening the unlocked chest gives the player a key.
This key can be used to unlock the door in the room that leads to room 2\

Room 2:

Room 2 is a big ole office building floor. lets say its got some rows of desks and computers, but for things to actually interact with theres just going to be a 
flash drive item to pick up, and a computer setpiece object. using the flashdrive on the computer just tells you youre an idiot for putting an unknown flash drive
into a computer. This does not destroy the flashdrive.

instead, inspecting the computer will give a code that will be used later.

It connects to room 3 northwards, and room four westwards

Room 3: 

Room 3 looks like a small cabin. The windows are barricaded, and theres a violent snowstorm outside. Inside of the room is a bunny mask item which will be used later.
The rooms setpiece is a closet with a rusty lock. Once the player gets a hammer, they'll be able to just smash open the lock, revealing another pathway inside 
of it. 

Room 4: 

Room 4 is a dusty old bar, with some flickering neon lights and aging 80s decor. Theres a classic jukebox in the corner, looking even more out of date than the 
rest of the place. We'll have some sort of riddle involving music here, not sure what it could be though. If the player inspects the bar itself, they'll be 
able to find a bottle of whiskey. After solving the riddle, a door to the east creaks open

Room 5:

Room 5 is an utter mess, looking like an unclean childs room. Toys are scattered everywhere, and a bunch of open drawers are all leaning out of a organizer,
all labled for various things. If the user uses their hand on the mess, they can clean it up, revealing a shiny blue key undeneath all of it. Theres a path 
to the north and the east.

Room 6:

Room 6 is a banquet hall. Theres a delicous feast where the food always seems to move just out of reach if you try to grab it, and a table with 3 glasses.
One is labled wine, the other is labled beer, and the third one is empty. By pouring the whiskey into the glass, all three of them will drain away, and a pair 
of sunglasses will be dropped on the table, along with some ballroom music beginning to play, and two grand doors to the east opening. 

Room 7: 

Room 7 opens into a massive forest. The code on the terminal back in room 2 is the order of directions that the player needs to follow in order to reach the end  
of the trail, as theres lots of winding loopbacks and wrong ends that will just spit the user back out various rooms. Assuming they do reach the end, they'll
find an unfinished cabin with the same description as the one in room 3, but with an axe, a hammer, and a file item.

Room 8: 

Room 8 is a gas station, but almost everything is locked behind metal bars covering off the goods. The bars on the electronics section look a bit rusty though.
If the player has the file, they can use it on the bars to cut it open, getting a flashlight.

Room 9: 

Room 9 is an extremely long school hallway with lockers lining the sides. The sounds of teenagers chatting fills the air, but theres none to be seen. A 
backpack item is tossed off to the side, with nothing inside. A fire exstinguisher is encased in glass, and can be grabbed if the player uses the hammer on the
glass

Room 10: 

Room 10 is an achient temple. Inside there are three large statues, one a fox, one a cat, and one a bunny. By leaving the masks at each of the statues, they'll 
start glowing. Once all three are glowing, the door leading north opens. However, the path is too bright to walk down, unless you have the sunglasses

Room 11:

Room 11 is a room thats pitch black. its actually just a path along a cliffside, but if the player walks north or east while inside the room, they'll fall down
and stumble back into room 1. If the player does not have the flashlight item, the text describing the room will all be highlighted black, making it impossible 
to read.

Room 12: 

Room 12 is a room with seemingly no exit. There is nothing but a table and a mirror. By inspecting the mirror, the player sees what they saw, giving them a saw.
By using the saw on the table, they get half a table, and the table becomes a half table. By using half a table on the other half of the table, they make a whole
Once they make the hole they can enter it in order to return to room 10, granting them the fox mask.

Room 13: 

Room 13 is a room with a giant chessboard inside of it. On the chessboard 

There is a black king on E8
There is a black Queen on A1

There is a white king on D6
There is a white knight on E6
There is a white rook on H7

Any move other than rook to E7 will result in a fail. A pass opens up the door to the next room.

Room 14:

Room 14 is a room with a computer screen that reads "Do you remember what you were told? Do the opposite". However, the computer is locked behind a 
wall of fire, and a cage

Inserting the flash drive into the computer will reward the player with an image of the cat mask. On the computer screen. By interacting with the screen, they
are able to physically pull it out of the computer, rewarding them with the last mask.

Room 15:

Room 15 is a peaceful garden with an open gate. In the way is an angry man wearing a uniform that is unreconizable. The man yells at them to get back in their 
cell. The player is given once chance- any action besides using the axe on the man will result in being sent back to room 1. If the player does use the axe, the
man falls, and the player escapes. 



